Use Aroma for modding vWii (#210)
hacks-guide/Guide-WiiU: docs/user-guide/vwii/installing-homebrewchannel.md

## Installing the Homebrew Channel

1. Boot into [Aroma](browser-exploit).

> 1. Launch the `vWii Compat Installer.rpx` on the Wii U Menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Launch the `vWii Compat Installer` from the Wii U Menu.
```
The `.wuhb` will take priority over the `.rpx`.

Author: Don't know how I forgot about the WUHB. But indeed
